code on assigning functions..


"In depth" this word has to be used in such a way it is practically helpful not to chew other people brain
with terminologies..

College kids , project kids.. ( those who act like technical person but are not technical people)

whole life is decicated to int data type..

"My project"
my.. project specific data types... objects and classs.


ghosts sitting inside IT programmers. who will useful their favourite adjectives, adverbs..

who uses adjectives to back it with data..

kids world data is everything.
adults world data needs interpretation

I want to do event hanlding..
there is way thru which you can assemble your classes and interfaces.. to get this done.. Observer Design pattern.


I want to something before doing x and after doing x... ok.. there is a way to arrange your classesand nterfaces.
to do this. it is called proxy design pattern..

I want to do plug and play of algorithms.. strategy design pattern.


I want generic things to be done by X
specific things any Y can fix in.... ok TEmplte design pattern.


learn design patterns with intent to use it in your project and not to tell other people I know it.



1. build tool.
2. assemble code from different places...
3. compile code.
4. package code
5. deploy code.
6. run code...

Devops..


these are monotonous activites...

two categories of open source


1. clear intent, we want to give it away free software, how we will get revenue that we will figure out other ways.
2. bad intent... we want to act as though we give it away free, but secretly keep thinking how to make user pay...
REd hat


Spring framework...(X)


how to understand any framework...

1.demonstrate loyalty towards project, how.. ask which layer of the architecture can the framework be used.

example
React can be used only for presentation layer...


Sprng can be used for

1. presentation layer
2. service layer
3. dao layer..

2. what is its opinion.
i will give a breadboard.. loose coupling... "inversion of control" and "dependency injection"
you can use spring, but... if we dont know this powerful thing called "interface" in java spring
cannot help you..


java to use in any project.. for spring.. this applies.
1. interface.
2. throws.
3. annotation.




inversion of control
instead of we creating object, ask sprng to create objects.


who will create objects in spring framework.

1. spring will create  --why  -- you want loose coupling
2. sometimes we will also create  --why... you want tight coupling.


3. which language does it support while coding..
you should use java or its cousins.. to run java programs compulsorily we need a jvm... any language that is
understandable to jvm is what I call as cousin of java... scala...groovy...



framework.
1. which layer of architecture  3 layers spring will support
2. what is its opinion  -- bread board, inversion of control, dependency injection
3. which language does it support  -- java..

in todays world presentation layer, java is no longer the boss. hence spring is no longer used in presentation layer.



startup checklist.

1. create a folder.
2. IntelliJ point to that folder.


ask the person the following

question.
in which folder is java installed. search for javac.exe  if it in a location called bin, whch is under x.. 
x is your java location.

in which folder is maven installed.
in which folder is IntelliJ installed.



path

1. operating system comes to know the location of the executable file by using this variable called path.


standard product strategy.
1. dont use anything independently use everything along with me...



jvm if you give a class which contains a function with name main, which is public static void, can call the function


we had  java class with main function, we ran it within IntelliJ and it worked.. ok.. great..
how to run it in command prompt..

1. maven project worked..
2. folder structure... where source code is present, where compiled code is going.
3. path and classpath.
4. path is for operating system.
5. classpath is for jvm..


we want to use a library...
 olden days to update was a big pain... because company had to distribute cds... or dvds..
 
company has told us h2.

h2 operates in two ways.

1. inmemory database
2. persistent external database..


how muchever we try we cannot "prepared for the project" there will be uncertainty,

I want to work on X, X needs Y but we dont know Y. now the question is how quickly
can we learn Y so that we come back to X and not do phd on Y and forget X.




jdbc:h2::~/poc.db


Driver..
org.h2.Driver
jdbc:h2:tcp://localhost:9092/./poc.db
userid="sa"
password=""




with h2.

1. we ran the server.. 
2. we opened another command prompt and created the database. because that was h2 opinion..
3. we connected to this database via h2 web based ui.
4. we issued some sql commands to see the database created the tables.. insert.. crud..


1. folder structure.
2. we proved maven is working becuase h2 library came to your system thru maven dependency.
3. we proved h2 is working.
4. now time to learn something about spring.


while running spring application which uses database.



1. repository folder there is a h2.jar.. that library will be used by our code to connect to the databse.
2. where is database server running..
db folder..
because in that folder java -jar h2.jar.
3. in the db folder.. there is a file called poc.db fie. this is file in which it is written.. what is proof.
in properties file of spring.. e would have given the location to poc.db file.




---------------------------------------------------

application.properties.
1. look at the 
spring.datasource.url=jdbc:h2:mem:invoice_db


2. show patience and see in which port youir spring boot application is running.
we know it is 8080

in the console we saw.
H2 console available at '/h2-console'. Database available at 'jdbc:h2:mem:invoice_db'

3. openthe browser
http://localhost:8080/h2-console.













what is spring boot, what is spring..

1. spring boot is spring made easier.
2. my project lines of code will reduce because of using spring boot, no no no, during spring we write lot of
configuration related code which is not project related. that part will go.. project related code will remain.
3. spring anything will start only if you tell start, in spring boot things will start automatically if it
sees it is present in the classpath.



1. springproject. 

this folder is a spring project because pom.xml contains spring related dependancies..
in this project i got various packages..
a01archcode is one package
a02accscenario is another package.
both of them dont use 1 line of spring code also... the reason..


How do you tell  your code is spring based code.
1. are you using classes and functions from spring given packages or not..
if yes... then it is spring



@Autowired.
this equivalnt take this put this inside this.
































